Project Name: InEight Document AI Chatbot

This is a seperate module for a InEight Document Solution, is it's AI chatbot. 
If I briefly describe the InEight Document Solution, It is a document management system, which is used to manage documents in a organization. It has a web application and a mobile application. It is a SaaS application. Let's call it InEight Document Solution. 

Now, we want to add AI chatbot to InEight Document Solution. This AI chatbot will be used to answer questions related to the documents in the InEight Document Solution using documents metadata. 

so there are two parts in this MVP we are going to implement.
1. Document Management System
2. Chatbot

Let's say InEight Document Solution used by organization called ABC Organization. ABC Organization has 1000 documents in InEight Document Solution. 

Some of these documents may have links to other documents, Actions, states, forms, tasks etc. 

And let's assume this organization has 1000 users with different roles. 

When any user chats with the AI chatbot, the chatbot will go through the specific organization's documents and gives a relevent response.

User roles includes:
1. Admin
2. Project manager for seperate projects 
    2.1 Project A Manager M1
    2.2 Project B Manager M2
    2.3 Project C Manager M3
3. Project user for seperate projects
    3.1 Project A User U1
    3.2 Project A User U2
    3.3 Project C User U3

These three types of users can log in to the InEight Document application using their email and password. 

# Document Management System

Roles are assigned to the users by the Admin. So admins can't be register, it is a system user. other types of users can be registered using their email and password. For this we need a seperate login page for these users. 

only admin can add project and assign project manager to the project. project manager can't add project, but can add project user to the project. 

project managers and project users can add documents to the InEight Document. 

These documents are stored in a blob storage. 

And the document metadata are stored in a mssql database. 
metadata includes:
1. Document name
2. Document description
3. Document type
4. Document category
5. Document tags
6. Document upload date
7. Document upload user
8. Document update date
9. Document update user
10. Document links related to other documents
11. Document status
12. Document project
13. Document manager
14. Document user
15. Document upload location
16. Transmittal number
17. Document version
18. Document revision
19. Document approval status
20. Document approval date
21. Document approval user
22. Document approval comment
23. revision number
24. revision date
25. revision comment
26. revision status

When any user logs in to the InEight Document application, the chatbot will be available in the application. in the bottom of the application, there will be a chatbot icon. when user clicks on the chatbot icon, the chatbot will open.  

# 2. Chat bot

**Description**  
Introducing the AI chat assistant within Document Management System. This feature will use natural language searches to answer questions and surface information for the document register data.  
   
**Requirements**  
Natural Language Search

* Users can search in the chat using plain language  
* The assistant should understand and produce the relevant data in the document register

Data included

* Document metadata  
* Data of items linked to documents  
  * RFI forms, Mail responses, Transmittals, etc.  
* User related data for Documents  
  * Who uploaded, reviewed/released, access, etc.

Learn more about the document register data here: https://learn.ineight.com/Document_Enhanced/Content/Categories/Home-Page.htm

Possible Actions

* Search/Filter  
  * Filter/search based on document metadata  
    * Standard/custom fields populated against the document details  
    * Ex.  
      * Show me the documents uploaded today.  
      * Can you display the IFC drawings in this project?  
  * Filter/search based on metadata for items linked to documents  
    * Standard/custom fields populated against the linked item details  
    * Ex.  
      * Show me documents that have open RFIs  
      * Show me documents that are included in submittals  
  * Filter/search based on actions associate to documents  
    * Any action executed against a document  
    * Ex.  
      * Which documents have been updated using change **document details**?  
      * Show me the documents that were reviewed using **Bluebeam**.  
      * Which documents were updated using replace/remove view files?

Responses

* Responses should produce a link to the relevant data  
* Links should either open the specific document or filtered view of document register as a list.

Responses on failed queries

* For questions that cannot be answered, links to the Knowledge base should be provided  
* If possible, the specific topic reference should be sent  
* Failed responses should be logged on the backend for review by InEight product team to improve responses

Security

* User security should still be respected and only the data the logged in user has access to should be presented in the replies

Please go through this link and itentify the questions can user ask..
https://learn.ineight.com/Document_Enhanced/Content/Categories/Home-Page.htm

there should be a chat history for the user. categorized by chat session with a suitable name of the question he asked.

project managers and admins can view the chatbot usage in the admin panel for each user.

We implement this project as an MVP, with basic features as an MVP.

When we implement  this AI Chatbot consider these 3 diffenent approaches.
1. We use microsoft products/tools/and services considering our familiarity with the microsoft products.
2. We implement this on-premise with secured private environment considering cost, performance, security.
3. We use an hybrid approach with robust tools and services microsoft products + open source tools considering cost, performance, scalability, security, and ease of use.

    